i'll add them later okay. theres like uhh *checks folder* wowzas. 188 Files! and 53 folders in there too. I got a laaaaaat of Kicad_include. some ICs here, connectors over there... yknow, it would either be really dang easy to move them into the repository, or it would be really hard. It's mostly KiCad I have to deal with. Also, theres some stuff thats not even needed, or thats duplicated. I mean, this is not my only project. I designed a calculator with a Teensy 4.1. BIG mistake. those things can run you like $100 last I checked. i mean, i didnt check aliexpress. couldve been cheaper there, lemme go check actually. Yea no, its like $80 even on aliexpress. thats in CAD by the way. 
CAD is an awful currency. do you know how painful it is when someone will label a price in USD, and then im watching this video and i go, "Wow! thats a good price!" and then little me goes to the website and, theres no currency label anywhere, and thats where i go "oh nooooooooooooooooo" and realize that its probably in USD, and then i convert it to canadian and the price is really mediocre now. its like ok heres an example ok so im going shopping looking for some good ABS-GF printer filament,cause for a project i need some right. and every website has this nicee cheap price listed in like the description of like the google search like under the webpage title yknow the spot there and its always in like USD and its so painful like, why is it 1USD = 1.4CAD. what a baaaaad currency. didcha know 1 euro is 1.6CAD? Yea i was surprised too. never knew Euros were actually pretty good. for all those times i got like 100 bucks on a birthday or holiday, i couldve been getting 160! what a scam. thats like 1.5x ing my net worth. ok so lets say i have uhh idk 5000 dollas saved up. DAMN BRUH, if i had that in euros it would be the equivalent of 8100 CAD. thats insane! yknow quebec does really like to copy france. theres things like the rubber tires on metro trains! Ye they copied that from the france. the more you know I guess. theres also like some public transport. unlike idk the rest of north america. public transport kinda sucks here, you have to take a car everywhere its so awful man, I cant drive nor afford a car. or gas. if only i could get around without paying 1 bazillion dollars, which btw in CAD is like... oh yea thats right. so uhh quebec right, they like french people. i guess. or uhh, theres a better way to phrase that but anyways, can they copy euros please? I wouldnt mind that. EUR looks good to me. lets use that guys ok? Good